docs: Added guide for the error which occurs during installation of Kubearmor (#1511)
accuknox/KubeArmor: getting-started/deployment_guide.md

command terminated with exit code 126
```

> If you don't see Permission denied please refer [here](deployment_guide.md#debug-kubearmor-installation-issue-in-dockerized-kubernetes-environment) to debug this issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't see Permission denied please refer [here](deployment_guide.md#debug-kubearmor-installation) to debug this issue
```

Ig the title has changed, might need to update the link accordingly

> If you don't see Permission denied please refer [here](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/deployment_guide.md#debug-kubearmor-installation-issue-in-dockerized-kubernetes-environment) to debug this issue

Reviewer 2: please use relative links
```suggestion
If you don't see Permission denied please refer [here](deployment_guide.md#debug-kubearmor-installation-issue-in-dockerized-kubernetes-environment) to debug this issue
```

}
```

> If you don't see Permission denied please refer [here](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/deployment_guide.md#debug-kubearmor-installation-issue-in-dockerized-kubernetes-environment) to debug this issue.

Reviewer 2: please use relative paths

However, there are situations where ActiveLSM might not be assigned any value. This situation indicates that Kubearmor is unable to identify the appropriate LSM in a environment, which is commonly used in Kubernetes setups.

To address this issue, KubeArmor provides a solution involving the use of BPF-LSM. BPF (Berkeley Packet Filter) is a technology that allows efficient packet filtering in the Linux kernel. Enabling support for BPF LSM ensures that KubeArmor can apply and enforce policies as expected in Dockerized environments associated with Kubernetes. Please note that BPFLSM is only available on kernel versions above 5.8 or on RHEL distros > 8.5.

So we need to enable [bpf-lsm](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#checking-and-enabling-support-for-bpf-lsm) for Kubearmor to apply and enforce policies as expected.

You can also enable AppArmor if you want to use it as a security module to enforce KubeArmor policies, please refer [here](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#using-kubearmor-with-kind-clusters). There is a chance that neither AppArmor nor BPF-LSM is enabled on some nodes. 

> **We can include the following updater script which automatically detects and installs BPFLSM/AppArmor whichever is needed in kubernetes worker nodes.**

Reviewer: Add a warning after the script that it will restart nodes.

```
  apiVersion: apps/v1
  kind: DaemonSet
  metadata:
    labels:

>       kubearmor-app: updater

Reviewer: Please keep it in a different file, and add a different command here
```
kubectl apply -f raw.github.updaterscript
```

            command -v update-grub2 >/dev/null 2>&1 && update-grub2
            reboot
            EOF
            cat /rootfs/updater.sh
            chmod +x /rootfs/updater.sh
            chroot /rootfs/ /bin/bash /updater.sh
          image: debian
          command:
            - "bash"
            - "-c"
          imagePullPolicy: Always
          name: updater
          resources: {}
          securityContext:
            privileged: true
          terminationMessagePath: /dev/termination-log
          terminationMessagePolicy: File
          volumeMounts:
          - mountPath: /rootfs
            mountPropagation: HostToContainer
            name: rootfs
            readOnly: false
        dnsPolicy: ClusterFirstWithHostNet
        hostNetwork: true
        hostPID: true
        nodeSelector:
          kubernetes.io/os: linux
        restartPolicy: Always
        schedulerName: default-scheduler
        securityContext: {}
        terminationGracePeriodSeconds: 30
        tolerations:
        - operator: Exists
        volumes:
        - hostPath:
            path: /
            type: DirectoryOrCreate
          name: rootfs

>     updateStrategy:
>       rollingUpdate:
>         maxSurge: 0
>         maxUnavailable: 1
>       type: RollingUpdate
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To address this issue, KubeArmor provides a solution involving the use of BPF-LSM. BPF (Berkeley Packet Filter) is a technology that allows efficient packet filtering in the Linux kernel. Enabling support for BPF LSM ensures that KubeArmor can apply and enforce policies as expected in Dockerized environments associated with Kubernetes. Please note that BPFLSM is only available on kernel versions above 5.8 or on RHEL distros > 8.5.

So we need to enable [bpf-lsm](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#checking-and-enabling-support-for-bpf-lsm) for Kubearmor to apply and enforce policies as expected.

You can also enable AppArmor if you want to use it as a security module to enforce KubeArmor policies, please refer [here](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#using-kubearmor-with-kind-clusters). There is a chance that neither AppArmor nor BPF-LSM is enabled on some nodes. 

**We can include the following updater script which automatically detects and installs BPFLSM/AppArmor whichever is needed in kubernetes worker nodes.**

```
apiVersion: v1
items:
- apiVersion: apps/v1
  kind: DaemonSet

>   metadata:

Reviewer: Please add it as a file.

Please clean up the resource, it's a Daemonset List, it should be a normal daemonset.

            reboot
            EOF
            cat /rootfs/updater.sh
            chmod +x /rootfs/updater.sh
            chroot /rootfs/ /bin/bash /updater.sh
          image: debian
          command:
            - "bash"
            - "-c"
          imagePullPolicy: Always
          name: updater
          resources: {}
          securityContext:
            privileged: true
          terminationMessagePath: /dev/termination-log
          terminationMessagePolicy: File
          volumeMounts:
          - mountPath: /rootfs
            mountPropagation: HostToContainer
            name: rootfs
            readOnly: false
        dnsPolicy: ClusterFirstWithHostNet
        hostNetwork: true
        hostPID: true
        nodeSelector:
          kubernetes.io/os: linux
        restartPolicy: Always
        schedulerName: default-scheduler
        securityContext: {}
        terminationGracePeriodSeconds: 30
        tolerations:
        - operator: Exists
        volumes:
        - hostPath:
            path: /
            type: DirectoryOrCreate
          name: rootfs
    updateStrategy:
      rollingUpdate:
        maxSurge: 0
        maxUnavailable: 1
      type: RollingUpdate

>   status:
>     currentNumberScheduled: 4
>     desiredNumberScheduled: 4
>     numberAvailable: 4
>     numberMisscheduled: 0
>     numberReady: 4
>     observedGeneration: 1
>     updatedNumberScheduled: 4
> kind: List
> metadata:
>   resourceVersion: ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
Any binary other than `bash` and `nginx` would be permission denied.

If you don't see Permission denied please refer [here](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/deployment_guide.md#debug-kubearmor-installation-issue-in-dockerized-kubernetes-environment) to debug this issue

</details>

<details>

> <summary><h4>Debug KubeArmor installation issue in dockerized Kubernetes environment</h4></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary><h4>Debug KubeArmor installation issue</h4></summary>
```

In certain scenarios, the expected behavior of KubeArmor might not be observed. One way to investigate this is by using the KubeArmor Command Line Interface (CLI) utility, commonly referred to as [karmor cli](https://github.com/kubearmor/kubearmor-client). 

To check the status and configuration of KubeArmor, you can use the following command:

```
karmor probe
```

<img src="../.gitbook/assets/kubearmor_install_issue.png" width="768" class="center" alt="Karmor logs">

When executing this command, check the output for the value of **ActiveLSM** field, if it is not assigned any value, it means that no active LSM is available for KubeArmor to enforce policies. Under normal circumstances, this value should be assigned a specific Linux Security Module (LSM) that KubeArmor uses to enforce security policies. Additionally, ensure that the **Container Security** field is set to true.

> However, there are situations where ActiveLSM might not be assigned any value. This situation indicates that Kubearmor is unable to identify the appropriate LSM in a Dockerized environment, which is commonly used in Kubernetes setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are situations where ActiveLSM might not be assigned any value. This situation indicates that Kubearmor is unable to identify the appropriate LSM in a environment, which is commonly used in Kubernetes setups.
```

> A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To address this issue, KubeArmor provides a solution involving the use of BPF-LSM. BPF (Berkeley Packet Filter) is a technology that allows efficient packet filtering in the Linux kernel. Enabling support for BPF LSM ensures that KubeArmor can apply and enforce policies as expected in Dockerized environments associated with Kubernetes.

So we need to enable [bpf-lsm](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#checking-and-enabling-support-for-bpf-lsm) for Kubearmor to apply and enforce policies as expected.

> You can also enable AppArmor if you want to use it as a security module to enforce KubeArmor policies, please refer [here](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#using-kubearmor-with-kind-clusters).

Reviewer: We need to explain here, that BPFLSM is only available on kernel versions above 5.8 or on RHEL >8.5 like distros.

Also just suggesting enabling AppArmor is not enough, we need to explain to them, how to check whether apparmor is available or not. Follow up with steps.

The steps explained in the kind clusters environment is only liable for dockerised env, but it is possible that this be the scenario in general k8s nodes as well.

We have seen this behaviour with CBL Mariner on Azure, that there's been a need to install apparmor utils into the node images.

We should include the updater script here which automatically detects and installs BPFLSM/AppArmor whichever is needed.

```
Any binary other than `bash` and `nginx` would be permission denied.

If you don't see Permission denied please refer [here](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/deployment_guide.md#debug-kubearmor-installation-issue-in-dockerized-kubernetes-environment) to debug this issue

</details>

<details>

> <summary><h4>Debug Kubearmor installation issue in dockerized Kubernetes environment</h4></summary>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<summary><h4>Debug KubeArmor installation issue in dockerized Kubernetes environment</h4></summary>
```

> In certain scenarios, the expected behavior of the Kubernetes security tool Kubearmor might not be observed. One way to investigate this is by using the Kubearmor Command Line Interface (CLI) utility, commonly referred to as [karmor cli](https://github.com/kubearmor/kubearmor-client). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In certain scenarios, the expected behavior of KubeArmor might not be observed. One way to investigate this is by using the KubeArmor Command Line Interface (CLI) utility, commonly referred to as [karmor cli](https://github.com/kubearmor/kubearmor-client). 
```

> To check the status and configuration of Kubearmor, you can use the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To check the status and configuration of KubeArmor, you can use the following command:
```

```
karmor probe
```

<img src="../.gitbook/assets/kubearmor_install_issue.png" width="768" class="center" alt="Karmor logs">

> When running this command, you should inspect the output for the value of **ActiveLSM** it is not assigned any value means there is no active LSM that Kubearmor could use to enforce policies and **Container Security** set to false. In normal circumstances, this value should be assigned a specific Linux Security Module (LSM) that Kubearmor uses to enforce security policies.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When executing this command, check the output for the value of **ActiveLSM** field, if it is not assigned any value, it means that no active LSM is available for KubeArmor to enforce policies. Under normal circumstances, this value should be assigned a specific Linux Security Module (LSM) that KubeArmor uses to enforce security policies. Additionally, ensure that the **Container Security** field is set to true.
```

However, there are situations where ActiveLSM might not be assigned any value. This situation indicates that Kubearmor is unable to identify the appropriate LSM in a Dockerized environment, which is commonly used in Kubernetes setups.

> Kubernetes tools that run on Docker-based environments, such as Minikube (with Docker), KinD (Kubernetes in Docker), k3d, and others, may have AppArmor available but not loaded. AppArmor is one of the Linux Security Modules that Kubearmor can leverage to enforce security policies.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Kubernetes tools that run on Docker-based environments, such as Minikube (with Docker), KinD (Kubernetes in Docker), k3d, and others, may have AppArmor available but not loaded. AppArmor is one of the Linux Security Modules that KubeArmor can leverage to enforce security policies.
```

> To address this issue, Kubearmor provides a solution involving the use of bpf-lsm. BPF (Berkeley Packet Filter) is a technology that allows efficient packet filtering in the Linux kernel. Enabling support for BPF LSM ensures that Kubearmor can apply and enforce policies as expected in Dockerized environments associated with Kubernetes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To address this issue, KubeArmor provides a solution involving the use of BPF LSM. BPF (Berkeley Packet Filter) is a technology that allows efficient packet filtering in the Linux kernel. Enabling support for BPF LSM ensures that KubeArmor can apply and enforce policies as expected in Dockerized environments associated with Kubernetes.
```

> So we need to enable [bpf-lsm](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#checking-and-enabling-support-for-bpf-lsm) for Kubearmor to apply and enforce policies as expected.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
So we need to enable [bpf-lsm](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#checking-and-enabling-support-for-bpf-lsm) for KubeArmor to apply and enforce policies as expected.
```

Reviewer 3: Hi Ved, you missed this one.

> We can also enable apparmor if we want, please refer [here](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#using-kubearmor-with-kind-clusters) to follow along and enable apparmor in-case you want apparmor as a security module to enforce Kubearmor policies.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can also enable AppArmor if you want to use it as a security module to enforce KubeArmor policies, please refer [here](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#using-kubearmor-with-kind-clusters).
```

```
Any binary other than `bash` and `nginx` would be permission denied.

> If you don't see Permission denied please refer [here](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/deployment_guide.md#debug-kubearmor-installation-issue-in-dockerized-kubernetes-environment) to debug this issue

Reviewer 2: use relative paths.

</details>

<details>

> <summary><h4>Debug KubeArmor installation issue</h4></summary>

Reviewer 2: I do not think we should have this section in the getting-started guide. Lets discuss this in our regular huddle call.

karmor probe
```

<img src="../.gitbook/assets/kubearmor_install_issue.png" width="768" class="center" alt="Karmor logs">

When executing this command, check the output for the value of **ActiveLSM** field, if it is not assigned any value, it means that no active LSM is available for KubeArmor to enforce policies. Under normal circumstances, this value should be assigned a specific Linux Security Module (LSM) that KubeArmor uses to enforce security policies. Additionally, ensure that the **Container Security** field is set to true.

However, there are situations where ActiveLSM might not be assigned any value. This situation indicates that Kubearmor is unable to identify the appropriate LSM in a environment, which is commonly used in Kubernetes setups.

To address this issue, KubeArmor provides a solution involving the use of BPF-LSM. BPF (Berkeley Packet Filter) is a technology that allows efficient packet filtering in the Linux kernel. Enabling support for BPF LSM ensures that KubeArmor can apply and enforce policies as expected in Dockerized environments associated with Kubernetes. Please note that BPFLSM is only available on kernel versions above 5.8 or on RHEL distros > 8.5.

> So we need to enable [bpf-lsm](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#checking-and-enabling-support-for-bpf-lsm) for Kubearmor to apply and enforce policies as expected.

Reviewer 2: relative paths

```
Any binary other than `bash` and `nginx` would be permission denied.

If you don't see Permission denied please refer [here](deployment_guide.md#debug-kubearmor-installation) to debug this issue

</details>

<details>
<summary><h4>Debug KubeArmor installation issue</h4></summary>
In certain scenarios, the expected behavior of KubeArmor might not be observed. One way to investigate this is by using the KubeArmor Command Line Interface (CLI) utility, commonly referred to as [karmor cli](https://github.com/kubearmor/kubearmor-client). 

To check the status and configuration of KubeArmor, you can use the following command:

```
karmor probe
```
<!-- 
<img src="../.gitbook/assets/kubearmor_install_issue.png" width="768" class="center" alt="Karmor logs"> -->

> ```

Reviewer: Image Removed, let's remove this

However, there are situations where ActiveLSM might not be assigned any value. This situation indicates that Kubearmor is unable to identify the appropriate LSM in a environment, which is commonly used in Kubernetes setups.

To address this issue, KubeArmor provides a solution involving the use of BPF-LSM. BPF (Berkeley Packet Filter) is a technology that allows efficient packet filtering in the Linux kernel. Enabling support for BPF LSM ensures that KubeArmor can apply and enforce policies as expected in Dockerized environments associated with Kubernetes. Please note that BPFLSM is only available on kernel versions above 5.8 or on RHEL distros > 8.5.

So we need to enable [bpf-lsm](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#checking-and-enabling-support-for-bpf-lsm) for Kubearmor to apply and enforce policies as expected.

You can also enable AppArmor if you want to use it as a security module to enforce KubeArmor policies, please refer [here](https://github.com/kubearmor/KubeArmor/blob/main/getting-started/FAQ.md#using-kubearmor-with-kind-clusters). There is a chance that neither AppArmor nor BPF-LSM is enabled on some nodes. 

> **We can include the following updater script which automatically detects and installs BPFLSM/AppArmor whichever is needed in kubernetes worker nodes.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**We can apply the following manifest which automatically detects and installs BPFLSM/AppArmor whichever is needed in kubernetes worker nodes.**
```
